I'm doing good how are you doing all
right so when's that meta interview it's
coming up huh it's tomorrow tomorrow
okay so I'm the I'm the final boss if
you will to to see how we do here how
are you feeling about it I'm B nervous
to be honest how uh how' things go with
I think you had Joe and Paul already
right how' those sessions go uh they
went well so most importantly I got some
practice and uh good feedback back so I
think uh yeah I could include them into
my preparation so yeah perfect awesome
um but we can jump right in I want to
ask first are there any questions I can
help answer of course I was at meta for
five years I was a staff engineer there
asked tons of these system design
interviews so know what the process is
like is there anything I can alleviate
going into tomorrow otherwise we can go
into the
M okay yeah so you said you have some
experience with interviewing it meta I
think one question that was bugging my
mind when I looked so there are two
things product design interview and
system design interview so what's the
difference if you can tell me yeah so it
sounds like you selected with your
recruiter system design right yeah um so
the difference is mild the reality is on
the ground the reality on the ground is
that a lot of interviewers don't
actually even know the distinction so
the distinction as they present it is
that in the product architecture
interview you're going to focus a little
bit more on apis and on data models and
on design a user facing application and
so for what it's worth this is something
that often times you'll do in a system
design interview and I think the more
important distinction is that there's
two types of system design interviews
there's what you can call forget meta's
terminology but you can call a product
design interview this is a user facing
application design Uber design Ticket
Master design any of these that you know
right a chat application and the second
one is like these infra design questions
design a rate limiter right design top K
design a message cue things like this
yeah so in a product design interview
you're you're guaranteed to get a
question from that product design bucket
okay but in a system design interview
it's you know call it 5050 maybe 6040 on
the product side but like you could get
one of those backend questions purely
now at your level at mid level it's
still more likely that you're going to
get one of those product style questions
okay um but you shouldn't be shocked if
you get asked to for example design
mcache on a single server is a very
popular question right now you should
actually maybe research that
tonight but uh no actually yeah yeah
does that answer your question yeah yeah
yeah that helped thank you perfect okay
um should we get started yeah let's do
it so I'm GNA open up that excal draw
whiteboard you've been here and done
that so you know the process
yeah and the question that I have for
you today and tell me if it's one you
know well and we can do a different one
but it's ask quite a lot at meta right
now in mid-level system design
interviews and that's design
Dropbox uh yeah I think I did look at uh
Dropbox question and a couple of
solutions to it okay so you want to do a
different one yeah probably that would
be better yeah have you uh have you read
the answer keys that I've written and
posted on on hello
interview uh so the approach to system
design um there's about five answer keys
that we've published Ticket Master Uber
tweet search live comments and uh gopuff
have you read those uh I think I did
read The Ticket Master One and the
approach but the other questions I
haven't uh looked at okay so I'll let
you choose both Uber and live comments
which is the comments under a live
stream are two popular questions asked
at meta which one do you want to do so
again I think um I looked at the Uber
question a couple of times's let's do
live comments
yeah yeah so so let me kind of set the
scene for you there of course you're
probably familiar with Facebook and
Instagram live respectively so your task
is there is another team who's
responsible for the live stream that is
outside of scope your scope is the
comments that are under that live stream
coming in in real time and so that is
what your team is responsible for and
thus what you're designing here in the
system design interview so just quickly
from a requirement perspective and you
can kind of ask me questions so we can
go deeper but of course users should see
comments on this stream in real time but
they should also be able to scroll up
and see past comments so scroll up and
load the past 100 scroll up load the
pass 100 you kind of know how that works
so right I'll let you take it from there
okay okay
yeah um sure so let me list down uh the
functional
requirements for clarity
so
[Music]
so so post a comment user should be able
to post a
comment and
um so by default user see probably
latest 10
comments uh this number can be anything
so and also we should be able to fetch
uh the comment
history so do we want to able to search
comments NOP don't worry about it
okay so I think uh I'll just list on the
non-functional requirements if you like
our service to have so should um
definitely be highly available should
have have uh as less interruptions as
possible should be
scalable as the users grow and
uh so yeah the performance should give a
reasonable performance and not
degrade and I would
probably so I think uh we would be like
the comments to be durable when you user
post something
uh it's not
lost
toally yeah
so I see this can be the requirements uh
is this fine or do you want to add
anything I this is a good L okay
okay so I think uh looking at the
problem statement weu required uh to
operate at scale should be able to
operate at scale for apps like uh
Instagram or or YouTube so probably
estimations are not uh will will not
point to any different direction so I'll
start with the high level design is it
fine I think that sounds fantastic yeah
yeah or let me just start with the API
and data
modeling
so I think uh the the one thing I'll
throw at you in terms of capacity
estimations and I think you're right to
forego them here but the most popular
Facebook live stream had 180 million
viewers so okay keep that in mind as
you're upper bound right yeah sure yeah
I didn't know that yeah that's that's
amazing so uh posting a com post comment
would be one API so the user should be
able to send and these are the
parameters so there can be some
additional things maybe the time stamp
but these are the most important
ones
so refresh feed Which F the latest
comments so
this will'll also send user ID and the
token probably for the authorization but
the important one is a video
ID and yeah fch is
so this would be again user ID video
ID and um yeah maybe certain number of
comments let's say 100 or thousand could
be anything with the user
request yeah so
the data modeling so yeah the major
table that we would have is the
comments and
uh so definitely each comment will have
a comment ID which should be the primary
key and uh it should be associated with
the video
ID and uh also the user
ID and the comment
itself
so
yeah so I think I want to include time
stamp this would help with the ordering
of comments of particular user
definitely it's difficult to have a
global ordering because uh the clocks
can be
different but I think for a particular
user we should be able to order the
comments
um so uh does this look fine yeah that
looks good for comments for sure so uh
definitely that there would be the other
tables uh user table yeah don't don't
even bother enumerating it I know I know
it's in a user table and I know you yeah
yeah so
okay so let me start with a very high
level design and uh I will go deep into
uh the components let
so so we uh we should have two Services
one to write and one to read so that we
can scale them
independently
so so as we we are going towards a
micros service architecture I have a
Gateway so let's say this is a right
comment
service and this one is fetch
comments
yeah so let's let's look at the right
path
quickly
so yeah uh I want to discuss I think uh
the the major part I think would be to
see what data storage that we would like
to use okay I think
uh so there are not many relations of
course there is a there is a video
ID but other than that uh there are not
many relations that we query every time
so uh we can probably we don't need
relational schema we can go with a no
SQL
database and uh within no SQL database I
think some sort of EV eventual
consistency should be
fine U if if the users the every user
does not see the same set of comments
and probably seconds one or two seconds
of delay that should be okay in our sort
of the requirement yeah
so uh we so we can uh
probably uh do eventual
consistency or maybe uh read your own
right consistency so that user will not
see their command disappear even for a
short while so uh we can use something
like a candra database what comes to my
mind uh it gives us a very high right
throughput and
uh so so one question whenever we are
using uh something like Cassandra which
is a leader lless replication would be
how do you want to handle right
conflicts so there could be right
conflicts some user sending multiple
rights at once and both them going to
different replicas so I think I think we
have a reasonable we can have a
reasonable uh so the last TR conflict
which Ceres by default um should be fine
if if we are using uh the time stamp
that users sent so
uh
so
yeah let me
just post
database yeah so I think one other thing
uh yeah so we would like to partition
based on the video ID so that uh all
comments related to a video go to one
particular
partition and um we can have uh we can
have uh a secondary index based on
timestamp so that we we see we can fetch
the latest comments
quickly
so say say the right service wres
through post
database and
uh yeah so you can discuss uh how how
how it
performs in detail uh let me just come
up with the read
path so I think um we would see lot more
reads than wrs uh maybe 100 is to one or
even high so maybe yeah yeah million is
to one there are large number of users
so so I think we should try to optimize
the read path and
uh so what comes to uh so we should
probably reading most of the time from
uh uh cache that's in memory and not hit
the dis very
often
so yeah so in case in case the cash has
not frent was Fallen lot behind um
probably we can fetch database but this
should be rare
operation so regarding refreshing the
cach I think um um probably something
uh I find in um how the social media
apps generate feeds so whenever there's
a post so then they try to generate the
feed and pregenerate the feed and fetch
for the users so probably something like
that should should be the approach here
so whenever there's a right to database
so we most of the database support uh
streaming of change events so um we can
uh we can capture all the change events
to something like
uh so this can be any message
broker but uh yeah so I think because we
would like ordering within a video ID
with a particular video ID we would like
there to be ordering so um probably
something like a cafka which which is
durable and also maintains order within
within
partition uh would be better so let's
say
so there would be a lot of updates uh
lot of comments so we would like to
process them in near real time so we can
have a stream
processor uh probably something like
Flink so and what just just taking a
step back and you might have said this
and I missed it but what problem are you
trying to solve with this setup over
here yeah so Whenever there is a right
uh we will try to refresh the cache mhm
we'll TR to the database and
asynchronously we'll try to refresh the
cache so that the fetch will happen from
the cache and why not why not just write
to the cache in real time the same time
as you're writing to the database or
upon success why have
this set
up yeah
so uh let me see if if the real time has
any
issues so I thought asynchronous
processing would be uh we will be able
to handle load uh better this way
so but this is this is making the
Assumption for forgive me for
interrupting here but this is making the
assumption that Cassandra is going to be
able to handle this load fine but the
reddis or mcash or whatever you've
chosen is your cash
won't right
right right yeah yeah yeah probably I I
think um yeah I think radies and MIM
cash both are very well scalable
probably we can we can write directly
yeah if anything they can handle it
better than Cassandra will be able to
right right right yeah they they operate
in memory yeah
so yeah so let me not sure how can I
undo this
uh you can hit just the delete key so
you highlight all that and just delete
it there you go
yeah
right so this would be uh the high level
high level approach and also we would
like to have a load balancer in front of
each service so that that uh we should
be able to
scale
horizontally so let's let's talk a bit
about this read path you're going to
fetch PR you're going to fetch them from
a cache that's great you're going to use
CDC to make sure that the cache is
consistent with what's in your database
some eventual consistency there totally
fine within the bounds of of of your
requirement
now what's the actual process from the
client I assume the client's polling
here how frequently kind of walk me
through that right
right uh right yeah
so I think because we want this to be uh
near real time probably instead of
polling
uh I think servers events would be would
be better once client opens a connection
and the server would continuously um
send push the events to uh the clients
so so
probably so we'll have sorry this I want
this to be a
cash
yeah
so let me let me
see how we want to do it so I think it
should be some kind of event mechanism
where the servers server pushes
periodically at least latest
comments should not wait for the client
to uh send
request
so so one thing that we need is the
connection
information
connection information from clients and
uh yeah so we definitely have to read
this from in memory uh to be able to
handle it faster
so yeah I
think okay based on
this
let's say it's connection
info yeah so both can be cach so this
this holds the actual data and this
holds the connection information and
also we can uh
probably uh so this one we can use
consistent hashing with uh the video
ID so comments of each video again
similar to database go to the same
machine right
so uh in in a similar fashion so this
can also be a cluster and we can use
consistent hashing with uh video ID as a
partition
key as the hash
key so we'll be able to fetch the
information of all
users uh from from a single
machine
so
right so let me see if we need to read
from database at any time it should not
be necessary
so yeah I think if change change data uh
works as expected this should not be
necessary
so walk me through a full life cycle
here yeah a user writes a post follow
through each of these arrows show me how
State
changes and what's right at each point
yeah yeah so uh let's say user writes a
comment and now it it goes to the
database and uh we find the partition to
place it in and uh we place all these
details with the video ID and the time
stamp so now this generates and uh
change event and we want to write to
redu
so we we have to see uh we we need to
evict uh probably if if the cash is
holding more than um 30 or 40 comments
for a video we only want it to be latest
so we we would like to evict the oldest
one so some something like a uh fif
eviction
policy and uh we update the cache with
the comment to the video and now we want
to send these to the all the
users so we fetch all the users so first
off for this part when
so uh writing to the cache uh no for the
you're going to fetch all of the users
when right right so once once the cache
is updated then uh we would like to
fetch all all the user information and
how are you going to know that the cache
was
updated oh oh
sorry
uh
right
so I think one thing that comes to my
mind is um uh radies can push a
message um we uh generate an event
whenever the particular video ID
comments are updated and then then we'll
know how to fetch or we can periodically
fetch uh refresh Cash for every video
you so uh I think the first approach
would be better because some yeah
sorry I think you were about to say it
but walk me through that that first
approach what exactly would be happening
in that first approach yeah so we we
would like to generate an event Whenever
there is an update and uh there should
be a service uh which subscribe to the
event and knows which video ID uh has
been updated and then that service
should be able to look up the con
connection
information and send out all the latest
comments to all the
users okay so go ahead and and update
your diagram a little bit to reflect
that and then let's talk about that yeah
yeah
so let's say
this
this uh this is
subscribed uh to the event changes and
uh so this will read the connection
information
um and it should be able
to send send
back or let me see if I need a different
surveys or fetch commments can play this
role uh yeah I think I probably don't
need a separate
service
so so the
events so strictly speaking what is this
errow uh
so the reddish uh redish uh publishes a
message and this should be a subscriber
to the message cool so and it is
functioning as a message broker so in
case yeah so so this is using Redd's Pub
sub yeah yeah so you're publishing a
message and that message really this
event here is just the comment data
right yeah it can can just be the video
ID or it can also have the comment
information from from the cach okay so
the video ID and then fetch comments is
going to get that in real time there's
going to be a number of fetch comment
instances of course and they they'll all
be consumers and then yeah what happens
from there so now we we know that
there's an update to a video so we will
like to fetch all the connection
information uh related to the video and
push uh push the comment information in
real time to the
users and so let's let's go deeper on
that part how are you going to do that
part what is the connection information
I understand that you've you've opened
up serers side events the bidirectional
or excuse me unidirectional
connection but go into more detail as to
what happens there when you fetch from
Connection in information what are you
fetching and then how do you ultimately
push data to the
clients
so uh we the server side events works on
so once the connection is established uh
the server should be able to send uh all
the messages to to the client so we will
have uh the the PO P address and and the
host names of the clients and we should
be able to push push the events to the
client so that all make sense now what
if I told you that you have a slight
problem in that you're going to have a
lot of instances well maybe let's talk
about it this way even for one video we
talked about that there could be almost
200 million connections right right
right so for for your awareness single
box a single instance obviously can't
hold that many outgoing connections by
SS so you're going to have a lot of
different boxes ultimately all over the
world you're gonna have tens of
thousands if not hundreds of thousands
of
instances right and they're all going to
have some up to a million outgoing ssse
connections so how do you know which box
to tell there's a new
comment does that question make sense
right right
yeah and when I say box of course I just
mean server yeah
yeah right so I think we should not send
uh events for every video to All the
servers because uh it's a lot lot lot of
wastage so yeah we only want to send we
want to make few servers responsible for
certain
videos
so
right so I
think
uh yeah so and the servers could be
changing and
um so I think one thing that comes to my
mind even the servers could be arranged
in a ring like consistent
hashing and uh each server would be
responsible for a range of uh video IDs
range of hash of video IDs and
we let
me so we we need to externalize the
information about about the consistent
hashing
so because Services we would like them
to be stateless so we can use a
coordination service for for this
purpose so I think this is one approach
that we can
take so we'll know which servers to push
to so where does the coordination
service come in when is it called
and yeah so um instead of sending the
events directly to the Ser all the Ser
servers we we will look up uh we'll look
up in the coordination
service which service are responsible
for for this video ID and then then
we'll forward for the request to only
those only those servers and how does
redus communicate with the coordination
server is it still pubs sub
there uh no I I don't think coordination
service can be a
subscriber uh we probably need a
different
service
so let me modify this
diagram
so this will the fetch
information and forward the
request and so now what's this era is
this era still Pub sub yeah yeah okay so
you have pubsub with a single subscriber
or maybe multiple instances but only to
the where scale is necessary yeah it's
going to ask the coordination server for
video ID 123 which servers do I send
this to yeah and then how does this guy
communicate with each of those servers
respectively it got back an IP address
or an internal IP address within the VPN
whatever it may
be how does it
respond so uh so this can be over
HTTP um it can it can make an API call
to all the
services or if it is within a data
center I think uh something like grpc or
protocol buffers could be faster but I
think it could be either of
those got it um okay so then it went to
the server now the server has some new
video ID and presumably maybe you sent
it to n server
uh all of whom have users who are
connected via a live video ID now you
have some kind of difficult coordination
between this guy and this guy and all of
these when they come up and go down so
maybe think about that for a moment uh
walk me through what what problems you
see and if there are any
solutions
so
uh
so uh so one thing is how do you update
the connection information as the
clients as the as the clients are
joining in and and uh leaving so I think
I see that that's one thing that we need
to think of and
uh
so
so the coordination service I think
uh this has to be uh we need a strong
consistency from
this probably so yeah it's not an
issue so I think managing this user
information as a users are changing over
time is one thing that that we should
think
of and uh uh let me see see if if during
this read path uh can anything
change so this has a server information
responsible for video ID for the
clients okay
so yeah I think one thing one other
thing that I can think of is
if if certain uh certain machine has
gone down which was responsible for a
particular video id M and uh so it was
only one event and um now these services
do not know the C let's
say let's call this probably just a
messaging
service so this does not know if the
message is actually delivered or not so
um an instance of server can just go
down uh of course uh so there will be
rebalancing of keys but we would uh
probably like to see that the message is
delivered even in such
cases so two things when the users are
changing and also the machines could new
machines could join in and U uh go down
so these two things probably we'll like
to handle so first let me I'll just try
to see how I can handle users changing
over
time
[Music]
so yeah so probably we would like to
keep our connection information up to
date so
uh I think we would need need
to uh I would like to add uh particular
that particular use case when the user
wants to join in the Stream so that's
one thing uh that we need to handle as
well so yeah so let's say we have
another
service which is responsible for keeping
the connection information up to
date so the user requests to
join user just join the live stream so
the request would come to this service
and
uh it will update this cach
cache uh with the connection
information and
uh this Arrow would be just
read so while we are updating
uh we
probably okay it's not a
concurrent update so I think it's fine
uh if if the connection information is
seen with a little bit of lag that's
fine so we need not put a log while we
are writing so the user receives
probably a few seconds delay or few
milliseconds delay that's fine so this
need not be uh like an automic
right and
transaction
so and
so let me actually let me stop you here
this is 36 minutes which is in line with
what you're going to get in your meta
interview you're going to get 35 minutes
potentially they'll let you go a minute
or two over to overlap into questions
but you know this will be about faithful
to the time that you'll get in the
interview so let me first before I I I
go into some of my thoughts and feedback
let me hear from you how are you feeling
how do you think it went what's your
self
assessment um I think few parts I was
able to to think think of the potential
problems but I think in certain parts uh
I was wake uh probably yeah I think it's
a it's something I haven't looked at
before so I have looked at the streaming
problems but they are a little bit
different from this one uh so I would
say I'm little bit uh just just about
satisfied with myself but not not like
really elated yeah that's fair well I I
think you should be proud of yourself
this was this was good for mid-level
interview in particular this was this
was particularly good um I would hire
for what it's worth I would hire with
average confidence at mid level and so
there's a lot here that could be
improved there's many aspects in fact
that were wrong strictly wrong as well
and you you and I'll have a chance to
talk about that but you Breeze through
the high LEL design the basics and a lot
of the places where you're making
mistakes are at a level of depth it's
more required of a senior candidate than
a mid-level candidate and so I can
completely forgive those mistakes and in
fact you showed you know depth that
exceeds the average successful mid-level
candidate so Kudos um at a high level
and and I'll go through your interview
in detail here with you in just a moment
but just at a high level well while it's
a higher the failure state for you in
your interview tomorrow appears rather
clear to me
and that failure state is that you get
caught in a situation where you over
engineer okay so I can tell that you've
you've studied you've practiced a lot
you've seen a lot of these questions you
know a lot of information and that's
evident and that's fantastic but what
you now need to do and this this really
comes frankly from experience but you'll
be able to derive this I think hopefully
from this advice tomorrow and that's
remain simple anytime you add a new
component ask yourself is this needed
every time you a new service is this
needed or can this be handled by an
existing service what is My Strong
justification for adding something new
here and you made some good
justifications that shows you know what
you're talking about as it pertains to
like the reading and the writing service
being separate because they need to
scale independently yeah in general if
you're going to add if you're going to
separate out compute there's largely one
of two strong justifications no the
third being the team consideration but
let's let's forego that for a moment
right like ease of Maintenance so the
first the two that really matter here
are do these two Services need to scale
independently great you kind of
articulated that well in one case and
then the second is along the
substantiveness of the compute like is
there something that's highly
independent and computationally
expensive if so maybe it should be its
own server as opposed to coupling it
with another computationally expensive
task right this could be reasonable so
those are sort of the two things to ask
yourself I think they seemed clear based
on your justifications But ultimately
Your Design we'll talk about it in
detail now had aspects of over
engineering we talked about those on
mind and aspects of over modularization
and I think that's going to be your
failure state for tomorrow and I think
it's unlikely I'm confident actually
you're going to pass and do well
tomorrow um but that's the one thing I
want you to be hyper aware of in your
interview tomorrow does that make sense
and resonate yeah yeah perfect um okay
let's talk about your interview then in
detail and of course I'll also paste in
an answer key here at the end I actually
have a detailed answer key on this one
that I encourage you to read directly
after this interview as well or when you
have time but let's start with the
functional requirements perfect no
issues great you got the top three these
are the most important ones I kind of
talked through to some extent what they
should be anyway but all good let's move
past that um
non-functional this is fine um this
actually ends up being largely correct
for this problem potentially out of
coincidence but what I want to encourage
you against is like a lot of candidates
have a tendenc to just throw down these
Iles here so kind of blanket like
availability scalability consistency
durability whatever and and it's like
this is okay but it's not particularly
interesting so the question that you're
asking yourself here of course is what
makes the system challenging what makes
it unique um and there's a couple of
questions that you should kind of make
sure that you always cover and for what
it's worth you covered these largely
throughout the totality of the interview
but you can be explicit here so the
first of course is Cap theorem you you
largely mentioned it by prioritizing
availability but I think that you could
do a little better here by contrasting
it with consistency in the context of
cap theum so why are we choosing
availability over consistency explicitly
yeah and then the next question ask
yourself is read to write ratio you
ended up kind of coming to this later in
the interview but this has significant
consequences on your design read is much
greater than write and as a result we
have this whole kind of complex system
down here in order to handle the
broadcasting of Rights so that's
something that's kind of important to
note as soon as possible and then the
third is what I refer to is that query
access pattern this is you know what's
the Frequency
irregularity um of of how your site is
being used and so in your case this is
those maximum and minimum bounds
particularly that maximum so like that
good question to ask is how many
concurrent users should I should I need
to support and that's going to have
direct consequences on your design
particularly scaling up this this read
component so by and larg this was good
enough some tips to make this even
stronger um API is all good I have no
concerns here with your
API the one thing actually let me
correct that your API is largely good
especially as a as a mid-level candidate
I do suggest that you be a bit more
explicit uh the name kind of implies it
here but be explicit that this is you're
using rest this is post this is git this
is g whatever you might as well just
write those don't open yourself up to
the question user ID I think you know
this and you even alluded to it but be
careful here by passing user ID into the
request it's easy for me to think that
this is a security vulnerability uh if
you're not explicit that this is by way
of the session token or JWT or something
otherwise in your headers so timestamps
user IDs things like this be careful and
make it explicit that they're not part
of the request body or the request query
parameters okay um when it comes to your
fetch history if we had more time this
is a place I would have dug deeper of
course as it pertains to pagein this
would not have been sufficient 100 is
great but starting from
where um so there's a handful of ways to
handle pagination pagination is actually
interesting for this question because of
the dynamic nature you can't just choose
some n to move back from because of the
real-time nature so you probably need a
cursor where that cursor is the last
comment that you read and you're going
to move up from there and then we would
have an interesting conversation about
your indexing in order to make that as
quick as possible and potentially
cashing so that's a deep dive that we
could have had um particularly would
have made sure that we done that in a
senior interview but I just want you to
be aware of that I'm GNA continue going
through but at any time interrupt me if
you have questions I want to make sure
I'm not just talking at you yeah data
model is good easy for this problem so
no worries whatsoever um okay now some
highle things in your design before I
paste in an answer key and we really get
down and dirty on the content
um while it was relatively strong I
think there's there's room for
improvement in how explicit you are in a
couple of places and you heard me asking
these throughout the interview the first
is that there were significant
abstractions that you provided by way of
your arrows in particular so it's it's
not always obvious like how is this
server connecting to This Server okay
and by just drawing an arrow and saying
it's getting here well in some context
like you know Pub sub is incredibly
important likewise like if if you know
how are you actually doing this one is
this that you know you have a web hook
set up here and you're listening by rest
whatever it may be but being explicit
there is important we can call this the
how and so the the second thing
similarly along the lines of the how is
being a bit more explicit about how data
flows through your system and how state
is changing so you heard me ask this I
think twice which is like okay a user
just wrote a comment what happens and so
it's easy to kind of get caught in the
abstraction of here's boxes here's
arrows here you're talking to me all
largely accurate um but it's not as
explicit as saying a user just made a
post request for a new comment with
comment data it comes into my system of
course my low balance here SS it's the
correct comment service here all this
comment service does is writes to
Cassandra it writes this data and often
times I like to even put my data model
right next to my database because it
might evolve whenever this triggers
change data capture which H my cach my
cash updates the cache as well as puts
that on an event stream which is my Pub
sub you see where I'm going with this
you ended up doing it after my prompting
but you can be a little bit more
proactive in how explicit you are I
think that that will help um let me
pause here for a moment before we talk
about now the actual content of the
interview does this feedback resonate
does it make sense do you have any
questions yeah yeah yeah so definitely I
think uh uh so I think even Paul uh the
first interview I had a similar lines of
feedback so he had to ask some questions
and uh I could I could answer him with
some details uh this is on similar lines
so I think yeah definitely this is
helpful awesome fantastic to hear good
to hear some consistency too um so I'm
going to paste
under um an answer key below yours of
course there's no strictly right answer
here but uh let's take a look at it can
you see it down
there yeah yeah so let me kind of talk
about and contrast this with yours a
little bit so let's talk about what
happens when a user posts a comment a
user posts a comment it hits our comment
Management Service um this comment
Management Service handles my rights and
it is responsible for doing two things
the first thing is that it writes to my
persistent storage Cassandra's a fine
Choice here doesn't matter he's going to
write to my persistent storage and then
upon successful confirmation there it's
going to publish this to a red as Pub
sub directly okay and so we'll come back
to your design here in a second and talk
about where you have some redundancy and
and maybe some over engineering but I'm
going to publish to to pubsub directly
and the important thing here is that
pubsub is partitioned Itself by at least
a hash of video ID so it's not strictly
speaking a a um a topic per video but
you get the you get the point here so
we're partitioning this way and then you
have all of these real-time messaging
services and these are the things that
are responsible for subscribing to the
right topic we'll go into more detail
about that in a second right but it make
sure that it subscribes to the right
topic and then it forwards that message
over SSC as you pointed out which was
fantastic great technical Excellence
over to the comment or client and so the
way uh where the Nuance is here is that
these each of these boss boxes
themselves can have in memory and it's
actually smarter for them to be in
memory they can just have a mapping of
live video One or Know video one
to ssse connection one
SSC connection to whatever and these
these connections these are the
in-memory pointers right so when you
then know based on the keys that are
here which topics you need to be
subscribed to so this real time
messaging service knows that it needs to
subscribe to those two topics video one
and video two respectively and then
anytime that there's a new video you
know it's obviously just gonna then call
S connection one. send with that that
new comment easy right so that's what's
going to happen and now this is nice
because I don't run into the consistency
problems that you had of trying to
manage this in two places in a
distributed fashion and I don't need
them to be distributed because what's
going to happen if one of these boxes
goes down well that user is going to
lose their connection their client is
going to know they lost their connection
and they're going to reconnect and what
happens when you reconnect where you're
going to have a layer 7even load
balancer here that's going to use the
live video ID so you'll have a live
video ID in the header or something in
that layer 7 low balancer will then
using consistent hashing put connect you
to the server that you know co-locates
you with other viewers and so if one
server goes down that's fine all those
viewers are going to reconnect we're
going to connect you to the next server
uh and that next server then is just
going to update its own map oh here came
all these people looking for video three
all good I have all of them now and upon
that reconnection we're also going to
trigger you know getting past comments
just via get request to make sure that
we didn't miss anything whatever and
then now you're back good and you're
rolling and you're
rumbling okay okay so he here uh uh I
think uh yeah I got it so when the
client request a connection that's how a
server would know that I need to
maintain this information is it right
okay exactly so upon Connection in that
request in the header it says which live
video I it's subscribed to and so the
real time messaging service got a new
connection and it says oh I just got a
connection from SSE connection 200 and
he subscribed to video one let me update
my inmemory mapping and make sure that
if I'm not already subscribed to that
topic let me make sure I subscribe to
that topic got it got it okay make sense
so fairly elegant in that way um yeah so
how would how would the realtime Ming
service would determine the topic that
it needs to subscribe to based on the
keys that are in its internal
mapping okay so in this case this one
needs to subscribe to video One video
two and video three okay okay so that
would be the topic got it got it yeah
yeah and so the the the topics
themselves might be a bucket of video
one through video 200 right but using
these Keys you can derive which topic
you need to subscribe to guardan guardan
yeah and then as as users connect these
will drop out and if your value list is
empty you can drop the key and you can
unsubscribe from V1 right right right
easy so this is how you know a decent
answer to this problem um now looking
back at your design a couple things
let's start here CDC here isn't
necessarily
incorrect but many senior engineers and
and including myself I feel fairly
strongly about this would argue that
this is bad here and the argument would
be that CDC often times is used most
appropriately in an asynchronous context
so if something's going to change in
your database and then as a result of
that change you need to send an email to
somebody CDC is great kind of make a
change to your database and then don't
worry about things that happen
asynchronously in the context of
synchronous changes this actually
creates a pretty annoying disconnect
yeah such that from a code read ability
perspective somebody's reading the code
here and they say Okay a new message
comes in all we do is write to the
database well how does it get to
everybody else and they have to go look
somewhere else in some codebase to see
that there's CDC set up on the date like
you can see why that would kind of suck
right so it it makes more sense to
instead just do this wait for a
confirmation and then put it on the on
the pub sub directly um and then this
red is cache is an unnecessary pass
through here you ended up actually not
even using it right you broke to it and
then immediately put it on the pub sub
and then consumed it and then went from
there so a cash isn't a bad idea here
like you can have a cash up here
alongside your database and the cach
should be used for
pagination
so up and you request the next say 100
comments we actually
load yeah P up again it's going to be
really fast load go ahead yeah I think I
lost your wise briefly there yeah okay
um should I say that part over again uh
just the pagination one I think the last
10 seconds okay I I can look up the
solution uh I get it yeah Okay cool so
you can read that one on your time then
but you can see now contrasting the two
designs where there's some additional
components some over engineering and
like I said that's the place where I
want you to be really careful going into
your interview um okay let me pause
questions again does the feedback make
sense does the does the answer key kind
makes sense here yes yes yeah uh so
definitely so I think one one reason uh
uh I I Stumble at few places you know I
don't have any real-time experience with
something like server side events yeah
so my knowledge is mostly theoretical so
that could be one reason but I do see uh
that it can be much more simple so yeah
definitely this is helpful and and
that's exactly why this is still a hire
for me because a lot of the things that
we're talking about are at the depth
like I said of a senior engineer and at
the depth of a mid-level engineer you
cover covered all your bases and then
again I'll say it now for the third time
just to make sure it really sticks just
be careful tomorrow because you're going
to nail it from a midlevel and the only
way you can kill yourself is by then
overdoing it when you get into the depth
and just make sure you're careful yeah
yeah yeah thank you thank you
definitely cool um I'll link this answer
key I think you know where to find them
but I'll I'll link the right up in your
written feedback as well um
are there any other questions I can help
answer anything I can help
with um no so I think just one thing
that which I was thinking so I said I
would use Cassandra and your answer
mentions Dynamo which are very similar
but I think one thing Cassandra does not
allow us to Define our own conflict
resolution so would that be a negative
here to use Cassandra no I don't think
so I think Cassandra is a fine choice
and the justification of the fact that
Cassandra sure can in theory handle
higher right loads than Dynamo DB maybe
something that could even be debated but
it's a fun choice and actually your
technical Excellence there was brilliant
the depth of understanding of choosing
Cassandra understanding its drawbacks
understanding how you would handle that
conflict resolution with the time stamps
oh great obviously You' calculate those
time stamps you'd be careful to either
validate them server side or yeah yeah
um but yeah I thought that was totally
fine in fact I thought that it was more
than fine I thought that it was great
okay okay yeah awesome well I'll get
i'll get started on your written
feedback I'm glad to hear you had a good
experience and thanks for thanks for
sharing some of that the the feedback
ways we can improve too and please let
me know how your interview goes we're
invested I want to tell Joe and Paul
that that you got hired too and that's
exciting for us when we hear that things
go well so please follow up yeah thank
you thank you very much uh thanks for
your wishes yeah all right kill it
tomorrow good luck thank you